[Music]
here foodies welcome to commissioning
let's prepare some chapati or roti I
have received many requests to show how
to prepare this and this is my comfort
food very basic Indian recipe let us
have a look at the ingredients required
for preparing this all we need to make
this is some wheat flour and some salt
now this wheat flour is also known as
Atta or whole wheat flour so let us
start here I have a paratha or also
known as a kneading plate you may use
your countertop or any big plate to make
this dough I'm going to take my 2 cups
of whole wheat flour in this and now I
am going to add the salt you can add as
per your taste mix this really well now
using some water knead a semi stripped
now you can see this consistency here
this is neither soft nor stiff nor hard
this is same escape kind of dough so
this is what we require to make a
perfect Apache or roti or whatever you
call it now we are going to smooth it
out take some water in your hands and it
like this no press it like this this
will also incorporate the water as well
as this will get smooth soft and nice
i kneaded for about 2 minutes and you
will see not a lump of dough is stuck to
my hands neither on the kneading plate
its ready then see the consistency
neither soft nor stiff nor hard this is
the perfect consistency semi-step now
this dough is ready you don't need to
knead like a bread dough just for about
1 minute or until it gets smooth now
let's transfer it to a bowl and let it
rest for about 10 minutes now resting
will enhance the texture of it and we'll
be able to roll it nicely and perfectly
here I have a rolling pin and a rolling
board and here I have our dope this has
been resting for about 10 minutes now we
are going to take out a small dumpling
out of it and make a smooth ball now
this is good I will go dust it in some
flour and they on the start rolling it
[Music]
now we are going to need some more flour
in here lightly dust it again not old ah
now I'm going to shake off the excess
flour yeah now let's cook this then I
have a cast iron thava and make sure use
a heavy Tower now I'm going to add the
chapati into this medium Li hot tawa
we're going to wait until it gets light
bubbles now you can see they are light
bubbles in there I'm going to flip it
over and in medium flame itself we're
going to wait and delegates some more
bubbles now this is well cooked from the
bottom let's transfer it to direct film
now since it is this puffed up cook from
both sides now watch our party is ready
let's serve it transferred is chapathi
into medium ly hot tawa until it gets
light bubbles now flip it over now you
can see we don't want to cook it much
until light bubbles only we're going to
wait until it gets some more bubbles on
the bottom in medium flame now flip it
over and I'm going to show you how to
pop this chapati into the tower itself
as many people don't have this diagram
in us now with a plot lightly press and
always make sure the flame is at medium
I can see this is puffing press it like
this to make it even now there might be
some holes covered that this is ready
now transfer it to a plate and serve it
hot
our roti is ready I prefer it without
any fact if you want to smell any
fattening like ki oil or whatever you
may smell it on top and then serve it so
thank you for watching to subscribe for
more who Michigan Road try and let me
know how it turned out to be and yes
don't forget to check out our new
website cookie choking dot in your new
stuff for delectable recipes thank you
[Music]